new mingw example (#3717)
conan-io/docs: examples/dev_flow/tool_requires/mingw.rst

.. _examples_dev_flow_tool_requires_mingw:

Using a MinGW as tool_requires to build with gcc in Windows
-----------------------------------------------------------

If we had MinGW installed in our environment, we could define a profile like:

.. code-block::

    [settings]
    os=Windows
    compiler=gcc
    compiler.version=12
    compiler.libcxx=libstdc++11
    compiler.threads=posix
    compiler.exception=sjlj
    arch=x86_64
    build_type=Release

    [buildenv]
    PATH+=(path)C:/path/to/mingw/bin
    # other environment we might need like
    CXX=C:/path/to/mingw/bin/g++
    # etc

    [conf]

>     # some configuration like compiler-execuables might be needed for some cases

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # some configuration like 'tools.build:compiler_executables' might be needed for some cases
```
